all right gang
another day another missed opportunity
to turn our lives around what do we got
I got Morgan Freeman to flip me off he
seems really nice how did you do that
follow them and flash them with my high
beams till he ran off the curve he told
me I should be ashamed of myself it's a
real low point yeah it would be breaking
news or should I say law breaking news
Academy Award winner Morgan Freeman
better stay off the Morgan freeway the
remix keep impact I'm embarrassed to
tell my friends what I do for a living
along came a spider anyone else got
Hilary Duff getting out of a limo
outside of a church somewhere on Sunset
it was a pretty obviously a Funeral
Jesus any did you get any up skirts come
on man you know I got a kid sister yeah
yeah I got him
you're being very brave Jesse you are I
got one
apparently Snooki uses Kotex super
absorbent tampons how do you know that
because I went through her garbage god I
went through smoky garbage with my bare
hands and found out what kind of tampon
she uses Kotex super absorbent tampon
well having happy no we will run with it
we'll run with it straight to somewhere
we can end this charade
and die looks like silky is trying to
catch some waves at the shore through
vagina sure
is what's the matter snow feeling not so
fresh to death
I'm sorry Cupid I just get some water no
all right yeah I'm doing it huh
tampons and then I don't know life just
got away from me I guess I can't unhear
that damn voice well I can't on have
this be my job Perry so help me out help
me I feel like I'm suffocating do I got
something might cheer you up
really no of course not no but uh anyway
uh guy emailed me a picture of poop says
it's Vince Vaughn's don't ask me how I
know what's legit is there a source uh
this horrible act that really seemed
like something we would report on Todd
no no doesn't hey I don't know does it
is this really any worse than a blurry
photo Beyonce's boy oh we should kill
ourselves you want the picture yes of
course I do
Christ if to make me say it well open
with it it'll be awesome Vince Vaughn
isn't just crashing weddings he's
crashing toilets toilet bowls that is
this swinger sweet swinging his old
stool in okay he pooped food oh okay
this kids get a little water you sons of
bitches huh anyone else you Katy Perry
huh Britney Spears cellulite